CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to contribute

You are welcome to contribute to the Open-Lowcode framework. Guidelines will be setup more precisely with time, feel free to:
* raise bugs and issues on Github
* propose simple improvements on Github. Of course, proposing a solution (pull request) is really appreciated. 
* discuss architecture questions and major priorities on the [forum](https://openlowcode.org/open-lowcode-forum/)

As a company using the Open-Lowcode framework, you can support the initiative by:
* asking for extensions of the framework for a fee (available, just precise it when writing a feature request)
* purchasing support to the product (not yet available)

# Courtesy & Manners

Some of the greatest mind in many areas practice perfect courtesy, there is no reason we do not do the same. Exchanging in a courteous and considerate manner is really appreciated.

# Core Values

Debate on the framework is highly welcome. The author of the framework fully acknowledges you may have stronger skills in a number of areas, and bring a lot of value and insights. 

Nonetheless, the framework is built on a number of strong hypothesis and choices, contributors are expected to accept, or, at least, tolerate them. Values are discussed in greater length in the [Open Lowcode blog](https://openlowcode.com/blog/). Please take this as a warning that this is, say, a bossa-nova concert, and if you are expecting heavy-metal (or the other way round), you will likely be disappointed.

Some core values include:
* keep complexity reasonnable. To make a parallel, if the tool was a rich-text format, the objective would be something like markdown (easy and good enough), not something like html (powerful but verbose). This is driven by the need to be usable in enterprise context with varying development skill levels. 
* prioritize performance and ease of debugging. This is one of the main drivers behind automatically generated code, compared to alternative approaches such as complex frameworks using reflection.
* limit the number of dependencies, within reasons. Open Lowcode relies on major technological frameworks and standards such as SQL, Java SDK (not Enterprise), JavaFX, and some outstanding Apache libraries around PDF and reading office documents. However, the core of the framework is all home-made. This allows end-to-end optimization, and better control of obsolescence. There may be discussions on this point though on the margin, as probably, the current version takes things slightly to the extreme.
* have reasonnable formal quality of code (but not more). The framework was developped under time constraints, and is likely to remain so for the foreseable future. It is fully acknowledge the code produced may not be used as example of good coding practices.

Commit message:

enrichment of the contributing notice

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to contribute

You are welcome to contribute to the Open-Lowcode framework. Guidelines will be setup more precisely with time, feel free to:
* raise bugs and issues on Github
* propose simple improvements on Github. Of course, proposing a solution (pull request) is really appreciated. 
* discuss architecture questions and major priorities on the [forum](https://openlowcode.org/open-lowcode-forum/)

As a company using the Open-Lowcode framework, you can support the initiative by:
* asking for extensions of the framework for a fee (available, just precise it when writing a feature request)
* purchasing support to the product (not yet available)

# Who can contribute

Every contribution to the framework is appreciate. Especially, enterprise
IT professionals with an experience in what company needs are warmly welcome,
even if they feel they are not top-notch hackers, and would not feel confident
contributing to the linux Kernel. Building the right thing is more important than
building the thing right.


# Courtesy & Manners

Some of the greatest mind in many areas practice perfect courtesy, there is no reason we do not do the same. Exchanging in a courteous and considerate manner is really appreciated.

# Core Values

Debate on the framework is highly welcome. The author of the framework fully acknowledges you may have stronger skills in a number of areas, and bring a lot of value and insights. 

Nonetheless, the framework is built on a number of strong hypothesis and choices, contributors are expected to accept, or, at least, tolerate them. Values are discussed in greater length in the [Open Lowcode blog](https://openlowcode.com/blog/). Please take this as a notice that this is, say, a bossa-nova concert, and if you are expecting heavy-metal (or the other way round), you will likely be disappointed.

Some core values include:
* keep complexity reasonnable. To make a parallel, if the tool was a rich-text format, the objective would be something like markdown (easy and good enough), not something like html (powerful but verbose). This is driven by the need to be usable in enterprise context with varying development skill levels. 
* prioritize performance and ease of debugging. This is one of the main drivers behind automatically generated code, compared to alternative approaches such as complex frameworks using reflection.
* limit the number of dependencies, within reasons. Open Lowcode relies on major technological frameworks and standards such as SQL, Java SDK (not Enterprise), JavaFX, and some outstanding Apache libraries around PDF and reading office documents. However, the core of the framework is all home-made. This allows end-to-end optimization, and better control of obsolescence. There may be discussions on this point though on the margin, as probably, the current version takes things slightly to the extreme.
* have reasonnable formal quality of code (but not more). The framework was developped under time constraints, and is likely to remain so for the foreseable future. It is fully acknowledge the code produced may not be used as example of good coding practices.
